Document voiding of failed authorizations (#198)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: website/content/gateway/api_reference/changes/changes.md

Sorted by descending timestamp.

#### Allowing voids on status code 50000 authorizations

> We've added support for voids on authorizations with status code 50000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added support for voids on authorizations with status code 50000.
```

Just to be a bit more formal. I think this is the current style of the documentation (and IMHO it should be).
